Dad, dad, what's the matter with you?
Dad, are you busy?
Dad, what happened to my grandpa?
Please help me
Grandpa, I don't know what happened.
There is obviously no problem with the medical report of the dean
Why did you suddenly vomit blood?
Yeah, it's weird.
How could this be?
Is there a problem with a certain part of the physical examination?
It should be so.
I suggest a second medical examination for the old man
This physical examination
I will check it myself
Great thank you dean
Dad, do you hear me?
The dean wants to personally withdraw the money for you
You must be able to find out the reason for vomiting blood, mother
Hey who should be careful
Ah, forget it, let me drive it
Are you worried about your grandfather's condition?
Don't worry.
As long as he can come to me in the next two days
You'll be okay.
Can I lie to you?
Okay, I'll take you somewhere
See if you are in a good mood.